Docs updates for Umbraco Forms 10.2. (#4281)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/UmbracoForms/Developer/Magic-Strings/index.md

- `{record.ip}`: The IP address that was used when the form was submitted
- `{record.memberkey}`: The member key that was used when the form was submitted

### Member properties from a form submission

> `{member.FOO}` with the prefix of member, the same syntaxwill allow you to retrieve information about the submission if it was submitted by a logged in member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{member.FOO}` with the prefix of member, the same syntax will allow you to retrieve information about the submission if it was submitted by a logged-in member.
```

## Formatting magic strings

Using a magic string such as in the examples above will output the values exactly as read from the source. From Forms 10.2, it's possible to apply a format string to customize the output.

> The syntax follows that of angularjs filters, i.e. `[<magic-string> | <formatFunction>: <arg1>: <arg2>]`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The syntax follows that of AngularJS filters, i.e. `[<magic-string> | <formatFunction>: <arg1>: <arg2>]`.
```
